our Lord spoke to Moses command the
our Lord spoke to Moses command the children of Israel that they put out of
children of Israel that they put out of
children of Israel that they put out of the camp every leper everyone who has a
the camp every leper everyone who has a
the camp every leper everyone who has a discharge and whoever becomes defiled by
discharge and whoever becomes defiled by
discharge and whoever becomes defiled by a corpse you shall put out both male and
a corpse you shall put out both male and
a corpse you shall put out both male and female you shall put them outside the
female you shall put them outside the
female you shall put them outside the camp that they may not defile their
camp that they may not defile their
camp that they may not defile their camps in the midst of which I dwell and
camps in the midst of which I dwell and
camps in the midst of which I dwell and the children of Israel did sir and put
the children of Israel did sir and put
the children of Israel did sir and put them outside the camp as the Lord spoke
them outside the camp as the Lord spoke
them outside the camp as the Lord spoke to Moses so the children of Israel did
to Moses so the children of Israel did
to Moses so the children of Israel did then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel when a man or
the children of Israel when a man or
the children of Israel when a man or woman commits any sin that men commit in
woman commits any sin that men commit in
woman commits any sin that men commit in unfaithfulness against the Lord and that
unfaithfulness against the Lord and that
unfaithfulness against the Lord and that person is guilty then he shall confess
person is guilty then he shall confess
person is guilty then he shall confess the sin which he has committed he shall
the sin which he has committed he shall
the sin which he has committed he shall make restitution for his trespass in
make restitution for his trespass in
make restitution for his trespass in full plus one-fifth of it and give it to
full plus one-fifth of it and give it to
full plus one-fifth of it and give it to the one he is wrong but if the man has
the one he is wrong but if the man has
the one he is wrong but if the man has no relative to whom restitution may be
no relative to whom restitution may be
no relative to whom restitution may be made for the wrong the restitution for
made for the wrong the restitution for
made for the wrong the restitution for the wrong must go to the Lord for the
the wrong must go to the Lord for the
the wrong must go to the Lord for the priest in addition to the RAM of the
priest in addition to the RAM of the
priest in addition to the RAM of the atonement with which atonement is main
atonement with which atonement is main
atonement with which atonement is main fight every offering of all the holy
fight every offering of all the holy
fight every offering of all the holy things of the children of Israel which
things of the children of Israel which
things of the children of Israel which they bring to the priest shall be his
they bring to the priest shall be his
they bring to the priest shall be his and every man's holy things shall be his
and every man's holy things shall be his
and every man's holy things shall be his whatever any man gives the priest shall
whatever any man gives the priest shall
whatever any man gives the priest shall be his speak to the children of Israel
be his speak to the children of Israel
be his speak to the children of Israel and say to them if any man's wife goes
and say to them if any man's wife goes
and say to them if any man's wife goes astray and behaves unfaithfully toward
astray and behaves unfaithfully toward
astray and behaves unfaithfully toward him and a man lies with her Connelly
him and a man lies with her Connelly
him and a man lies with her Connelly and it is hidden from the eyes of her
and it is hidden from the eyes of her
and it is hidden from the eyes of her husband and it is concealed that she has
husband and it is concealed that she has
husband and it is concealed that she has defiled herself and there was no witness
defiled herself and there was no witness
defiled herself and there was no witness against her nor were she caught if the
against her nor were she caught if the
against her nor were she caught if the spirit of jealousy comes upon him and he
spirit of jealousy comes upon him and he
spirit of jealousy comes upon him and he becomes jealous of his wife who has
becomes jealous of his wife who has
becomes jealous of his wife who has defiled herself or if the spirit of
defiled herself or if the spirit of
defiled herself or if the spirit of jealousy comes upon him and he becomes
jealousy comes upon him and he becomes
jealousy comes upon him and he becomes jealous of his wife although she has not
jealous of his wife although she has not
jealous of his wife although she has not defiled herself then the man shall bring
defiled herself then the man shall bring
defiled herself then the man shall bring his wife to the priest he shall bring
his wife to the priest he shall bring
his wife to the priest he shall bring the offering required for her one tenth
the offering required for her one tenth
the offering required for her one tenth of an ephah of barley meal he shall pour
of an ephah of barley meal he shall pour
of an ephah of barley meal he shall pour no oil on it and put no frankincense on
no oil on it and put no frankincense on
no oil on it and put no frankincense on it because it is a grain offering of
it because it is a grain offering of
it because it is a grain offering of jealousy an offering for remembering for
jealousy an offering for remembering for
jealousy an offering for remembering for bringing iniquity to remembrance and the
bringing iniquity to remembrance and the
bringing iniquity to remembrance and the priest shall bring her near and set her
priest shall bring her near and set her
priest shall bring her near and set her before the Lord the priest shall take
before the Lord the priest shall take
before the Lord the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel and take
holy water in an earthen vessel and take
holy water in an earthen vessel and take some of the dust that is on the floor of
some of the dust that is on the floor of
some of the dust that is on the floor of the tabernacle and put it into the water
the tabernacle and put it into the water
the tabernacle and put it into the water then the priest shall stand the woman
then the priest shall stand the woman
then the priest shall stand the woman before the Lord and cover the woman's
before the Lord and cover the woman's
before the Lord and cover the woman's head and put the offering for
head and put the offering for
head and put the offering for remembering in her hands which is the
remembering in her hands which is the
remembering in her hands which is the grain offering of jealousy and the
grain offering of jealousy and the
grain offering of jealousy and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter
priest shall have in his hand the bitter
priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that brings a curse and the priest
water that brings a curse and the priest
water that brings a curse and the priest shall put her under oath and say to the
shall put her under oath and say to the
shall put her under oath and say to the woman
woman
woman if no man has lain with you and if you
if no man has lain with you and if you
if no man has lain with you and if you have not gone astray to uncleanness
have not gone astray to uncleanness
have not gone astray to uncleanness while under your husband's authority be
while under your husband's authority be
while under your husband's authority be free from this bitter water that brings
free from this bitter water that brings
free from this bitter water that brings a curse but if you have gone astray
a curse but if you have gone astray
a curse but if you have gone astray while under your husband's authority and
while under your husband's authority and
while under your husband's authority and if you have defiled yourself and some
if you have defiled yourself and some
if you have defiled yourself and some man other than your husband has lain
man other than your husband has lain
man other than your husband has lain with you then the priest shall put the
with you then the priest shall put the
with you then the priest shall put the woman under the oath of the curse and he
woman under the oath of the curse and he
woman under the oath of the curse and he shall say to the woman the Lord make you
shall say to the woman the Lord make you
shall say to the woman the Lord make you a curse and an oath among your people
a curse and an oath among your people
a curse and an oath among your people when the Lord makes your thigh rot and
when the Lord makes your thigh rot and
when the Lord makes your thigh rot and your belly swell and made this water
your belly swell and made this water
your belly swell and made this water that causes the curse go into your
that causes the curse go into your
that causes the curse go into your stomach and make your belly swell and
stomach and make your belly swell and
stomach and make your belly swell and your thigh rot then the woman shall say
your thigh rot then the woman shall say
your thigh rot then the woman shall say Amen so be it then the priest shall
Amen so be it then the priest shall
Amen so be it then the priest shall write these curses in a book and he
write these curses in a book and he
write these curses in a book and he shall scrape them off into the bitter
shall scrape them off into the bitter
shall scrape them off into the bitter water and he shall make the woman drink
water and he shall make the woman drink
water and he shall make the woman drink the bitter water that brings a curse and
the bitter water that brings a curse and
the bitter water that brings a curse and the water that brings the curse shall
the water that brings the curse shall
the water that brings the curse shall enter her to become bitter then the
enter her to become bitter then the
enter her to become bitter then the priest shall take the grain offering of
priest shall take the grain offering of
priest shall take the grain offering of jealousy from the woman's hand shall
jealousy from the woman's hand shall
jealousy from the woman's hand shall wave the offering before the Lord and
wave the offering before the Lord and
wave the offering before the Lord and bring it to the altar and the priest
bring it to the altar and the priest
bring it to the altar and the priest shall take a handful of the offering as
shall take a handful of the offering as
shall take a handful of the offering as it's memorial portion burn it on the
it's memorial portion burn it on the
it's memorial portion burn it on the altar and afterward make the woman drink
altar and afterward make the woman drink
altar and afterward make the woman drink the water when he has made her drink the
the water when he has made her drink the
the water when he has made her drink the water then it shall be if she has
water then it shall be if she has
water then it shall be if she has defiled herself and behaved unfaithfully
defiled herself and behaved unfaithfully
defiled herself and behaved unfaithfully toward her husband that the water that
toward her husband that the water that
toward her husband that the water that brings a curse will enter her and become
brings a curse will enter her and become
brings a curse will enter her and become bitter and her belly will swell her
bitter and her belly will swell her
bitter and her belly will swell her thigh will rot and the woman will become
thigh will rot and the woman will become
thigh will rot and the woman will become a curse among her people but if the
a curse among her people but if the
a curse among her people but if the woman has not defiled herself and is
woman has not defiled herself and is
woman has not defiled herself and is clean then she shall be free and may
clean then she shall be free and may
clean then she shall be free and may conceive children this is the law of
conceive children this is the law of
conceive children this is the law of jealousy when a wife while under her
jealousy when a wife while under her
jealousy when a wife while under her husband's authority goes astray and
husband's authority goes astray and
husband's authority goes astray and defiles herself or when the spirit of
defiles herself or when the spirit of
defiles herself or when the spirit of jealousy comes upon a man and he becomes
jealousy comes upon a man and he becomes
jealousy comes upon a man and he becomes jealous of his wife then he shall stand
jealous of his wife then he shall stand
jealous of his wife then he shall stand the woman before the Lord and the priest
the woman before the Lord and the priest
the woman before the Lord and the priest shall execute all this law upon then the
shall execute all this law upon then the
shall execute all this law upon then the man shall be free from iniquity but that
man shall be free from iniquity but that
man shall be free from iniquity but that woman shall bear her
woman shall bear her
woman shall bear her you
you
you [Music]